[Music]
hello
is anyone there
[Music]
I'm trying to reach
[Applause]
senators we believe that these Titans
are just the tip of the iceberg which of
these Titans are here to protect us and
[Music]
which of these Titans are here to
threaten us
so you'd want to make Godzilla our pet
no we would be his you're sure he's
gonna be okay
they're everywhere battling for
dominance
arrival alpha-2 Godzilla
you gotta be kidding
[Music]
belief in oneself is contagious we are
part of something larger we are fighting
for the broken my name is dr. le staple
and I'm a psychiatrist I specialize in
those individuals who believe they are
supernatural beings I don't belong here
David don't go you believe you are
exceptionally strong but there are men
who are as strong as you
Kevin window crap you believe there are
two dozen souls living in that body with
you
you can call me Norma
Alijah buddies you have an extraordinary
IQ you think you are superhuman what if
I suggested that you are mistaken
they've been lying to us all you were
sent here to be an avenging angel how
much do you want to avenge us these
individuals have lost their perspective
convinced the world
[Music]
this is where they would paint you with
big eyes and bubbles of confusion above
your head baby breath you got a big
aside
[Music]
hello Gabriel I want a lawyer you and I
both all those days are gone you have a
choice to make work for me or wind up
like your father we don't have much time
they're protecting us from anarchy tell
our friends down below they got our full
operational support palm a neat piece
it's a lie they don't take everything
what do you want me to do long as we
fight back we got a chance
facing a full-blown insurgency known as
Phoenix
the networks communicate they're
planning something big
the team goes tonight you ready no one
gets taken alive hello Gabriel you have
a job to do I've got a plan I have faith
in you light a match ignite a wall I can
take the risk get back to the way that
things used to be
it's like I said those days are gone
[Music]
man I love the holidays in Apokolips
burg the weather is dusty and the coffee
tastes extra pumpkin spicy this holiday
season has definitely descended into
chaos
now that the duplo savages destroyed our
land
happy holidays sorry did I interrupt
your brooding sesh uh yeah it's no
biggie I was just filling everyone in
I'm have to tough it is to live here but
you know it'll cheer everyone up
please don't say holiday party you said
it no yes no ah come on
I've got a plan step one get everyone
together in the town square
step two ice skating step three decorate
this town for the most tinsel tastic
holiday party apocalypse burg has ever
seen
[Music]
here poopy captioning this holly-jolly
Mary market
Emmet section 12 we need more green
bricks let's go let's go
Lucy this tree lights up you'll be able
to see it from we don't need any more
unwanted attention
pretty lags just think this is a quiet
little neighborhood shindig with just a
few of our closest friends and a tree
you may or may not be able to see from
space
apocalypse murders we all deserve a
little peace and happiness this holiday
season
however you celebrate let's celebrate to
gather more eggnog sir mmm I wait all
year for this sweet nectar of joy
indubitably light it up kid there she
blows
I like darkness this isn't super
beautiful
[Music]
looks like it's time to pay these
apocalypse burgers a visit yes
oh no I knew it everyone battle stance I
was not expecting that
[Music]
Alfred this sweater only has eight abs
Nicole bro
but Sir knowed me
[Music]
you're probably wondering what's going
on just a minute ago I was with my
brother Charlie and now here we are
we're heading into dangerous territory
in this world nothing is what it seems
we need to find our little brother what
is going on I just need to pay smile
okay fair white gold that's not good
lucky for you I have contacts everywhere
ready to have some fun
[Applause]
Lane and do it
[Music]
[Applause]
after me this was just garbage
[Music]
[Applause]
here comes here he comes here he comes
here he comes here he comes
[Music]
first things first any man here that
wants to walk away can do so knowing
they're the best of us
there's gotta be now there is no ground
support energy to sustain we're walking
out with make no mistake about it you
guys need to own the fact if we do not
have the flag on our shoulder you cannot
go back to your normal life after
tonight everything we've done for the
last 17 years nothing to show for it
you've been shot five times for your
country and you can't even afford to
send your kids to college if we'd
accomplished the things that we've
accomplished in any other profession we
set for life
the question is do we finally get to use
our skills for our own benefit we're
gonna get Gabriela my team over half
he's got over 75 million dollars in cash
if you're not going forever after you
make your move
we're dead we need to hunt quickly
you can update they will find us
it's always a little hard and you think
it's gonna baby
don't be nervous boy sir
is this not what I signed up for a lot
of people are gonna come after you so it
goes through
that story time you know when I was
younger we had a boat and everything is
someone would take it to the lake and
there was love and there was family
there was a wonderful time we were just
driving she saw something
say no virus or chemical attack it has
been or even if you see that takes on a
form of your worst fears every contact
we have had with the outside has brought
us death
one's coming for us does anyone there
hello we have a place it's safe here
it's the fastest way to get here is by
the river the birds will warn you
whatever those things you're going on
the trip never take off your blindfold
we'll make it in Texas
everything riding horses can change
anything I'm not who I used to be you've
been in isolation what do you think
about that I'm not good with people
dad oh yeah I just need you to sign this
how long have you been in prison twelve
years and how long from the thought of
the crime to the actual crime
[Music]
split-second
that's a dangerous animal
if you can stay in there for more than
five seconds you're in the program
iceberg the whole purpose system there
how to break these wild horses and
ultimately our rehabilitation already I
step into an AB
she was recovering it covered
so not that bad for a first time our
goal is to experience empathy that's it
easy and to be open to our faults if you
want to control your horse first you got
to control yourself I've worked with
horses a long time some you can break
some you can't
there you go
I was a kid and you left me alone it was
an accident
even riding horses can change anything
I'm not who I used to be
[Music]
[Applause]